# Meeting notes 02.11.22  

## Discussion topics:   

:white_check_mark: Evaluate the current advancement

:white_check_mark: Prioritize the ongoing tasks 

:white_check_mark: Ask PO about epics for MVP 

## Epics:  

| Epic                |    MVP  | NAME |Status |
|---------------------|---------|------|-------|   
|https://github.com/scholokov/qax-portal-2/issues/56 |YES| Home page| Testing|
|https://github.com/scholokov/qax-portal-2/issues/57|YES| About us page| Design |
|https://github.com/scholokov/qax-portal-2/issues/58|YES|Courses page |Design|
|https://github.com/scholokov/qax-portal-2/issues/59|YES| Our trainers|Testing|
|https://github.com/scholokov/qax-portal-2/issues/62|YES| Registration and Authorization|Design and dev|  

## Action items: 

:black_square_button: Change task https://github.com/scholokov/qax-portal-2/issues/161 [Alex Batalov](https://github.com/ABatalov) 

:black_square_button: https://github.com/scholokov/qax-portal-2/issues/86 and https://github.com/scholokov/qax-portal-2/issues/87 please review this tasks [Denis Scholokov](https://github.com/scholokov) 





## Desisions: 

*

## Still not resolved tasks:    

:black_square_button: We need content for PM and PA from Katya  [Alex Batalov](https://github.com/ABatalov)  

:black_square_button: Need content and photo of new trainer BA [Alex Batalov](https://github.com/ABatalov) 

:black_square_button: Create Sheets in Wiki for techskills (online and records courses) according to product version - [Alex Batalov](https://github.com/ABatalov) 

:black_square_button: Create new requirements in Wiki of registration and autorisation [Alex Batalov](https://github.com/ABatalov), [Denis Scholokov](https://github.com/scholokov) 

:black_square_button: Create new requirements in Wiki of Essay and Comments [Alex Batalov](https://github.com/ABatalov), [Denis Scholokov](https://github.com/scholokov) 


## Think about:    
