# Meeting notes 28.12.22  

## Discussion topics:   

:white_check_mark: Evaluate the current advancement

:white_check_mark: Prioritize the ongoing tasks 

:white_check_mark: Ask PO about tasks and bugs for next Sprint  

:white_check_mark: Ask QA team about critical bugs   

## Epics:  

| Epic                |    MVP  | NAME |Status | Prior |
|---------------------|---------|------|-------|-------|      
|https://github.com/scholokov/qax-portal-2/issues/58|YES| Courses page |Release |have to change, but we haven't design and all content |
|https://github.com/scholokov/qax-portal-2/issues/61| YES| MATERIALS| NEXT Release | have to change, but we haven't design and all content | 
|https://github.com/scholokov/qax-portal-2/issues/60| YES| PROJECTS| NEXT Release | have to change, but we haven't design and all content | 
|https://github.com/scholokov/qax-portal-2/issues/56 |YES| Home page| Release | some changes in the near future - add some blocks in design |
|https://github.com/scholokov/qax-portal-2/issues/57|YES| About us page| Release  | some changes in the near future - implement design |
|https://github.com/scholokov/qax-portal-2/issues/59|YES| Our trainers|Release |no changes in the near future |
|https://github.com/scholokov/qax-portal-2/issues/62|YES| Registration and Authorization|Release| no changes in the near future  |


## Critical Bugs on production: 

| Bug                |   NAME of QA   | Status (Fix/Nonfixed) |
|---------------------|---------|------| 
|https://github.com/scholokov/qax-portal-2/issues/320|Olha Batalova |Nonfixed |
|https://github.com/scholokov/qax-portal-2/issues/219|Ekaterina Nimenko |Nonfixed |
|https://github.com/scholokov/qax-portal-2/issues/323|Ekaterina Nimenko |Nonfixed |
|https://github.com/scholokov/qax-portal-2/issues/325|Ekaterina Nimenko |#417 #418|
|https://github.com/scholokov/qax-portal-2/issues/326|Ekaterina Nimenko |Nonfixed |
|https://github.com/scholokov/qax-portal-2/issues/327|Ekaterina Nimenko |Nonfixed | 


## Bugs for next sprint: 
| Bug                |   NAME of QA   | Prior (High/Middle)|
|--------------------|----------------|----------| 

## Action items:  

:black_square_button: Proposition from QA team list of bugs for next Sprint. Please add bugs to sheet, than [Denis Scholokov](https://github.com/scholokov) will review them. 

:black_square_button: For Dev team Fix all critical bugs according to the sheet  

:black_square_button: For QA team check Material Page   

:black_square_button: Make a short presentation of Retro for team. Create retrospective after Release [Alex Batalov](https://github.com/ABatalov)  [Andrey Butkov](https://github.com/ButKoff) https://metroretro.io/board/LB2ACKPRFC01 

## Think about:  

:black_square_button: How to modify workflow Canceled and Resolved without push Closed or with push Closed  

:black_square_button: Road or Tree as idea for UI/UX design 

