# Meeting notes 21.09.22

## Discussion topics:

- [x] Requirements
- [x] Flow for team 
- [x] Design 

## Action items:   

- [ ] Add "turnkey" offer - to Requirements [Alex Batalov](https://github.com/ABatalov) 
- [ ] Add screens of workflow to Wiki  [Alex Batalov](https://github.com/ABatalov)  
- [ ] Change title of task about form and move it to ready for testing UI/UX [Andrey Butkov](https://github.com/ButKoff)  
- [ ] 


## Still not resolved tasks:  
- [ ] Create draft of the content for courses page: courses of your choice. Content should be relevant to scheme in structure: https://github.com/scholokov/qax-portal-2/wiki/Structure  @Svitlana Prytulenko
- [ ] Add new HR course to design in Figma [AlonaSarapina](https://github.com/AlonaSarapina)  UI/UX - Waiting of the content of this page @Svitlana Prytulenko 
- [ ] Create new requirements in Wiki. [Alex Batalov](https://github.com/ABatalov), [Denis Scholokov](https://github.com/scholokov)


## Think about:  
